exit guideline for users and group owners (#1411)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/storage.md

/groups/${group}/arc*/:   ARChive; Your group's slow dirs for raw data and final results
{% endif %}
{% if lfs_mounts | selectattr('lfs', 'search', 'prm[0-9]+$') | list | length %}
/groups/${group}/prm*/:   PeRManent; Your group's fast dirs for raw data and final results, BACKED-UP
{% endif %}
{% if lfs_mounts | selectattr('lfs', 'search', 'rsc[0-9]+$') | list | length %}
/groups/${group}/rsc*/:   Read-only Storage Cache; Your group's fast dirs for (reference) data sets
{% endif %}
{% if lfs_mounts | selectattr('lfs', 'search', 'tmp[0-9]+$') | list | length %}

> /groups/${group}/tmp*/:   TeMPorary; Your group's fastest dirs for temporary data, NO BACKED-UP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/groups/${group}/tmp*/:   TeMPorary; Your group's fastest dirs for temporary data, NOT BACKED-UP
```

{% endif %}
```

> We now also privide an archive option, for sleeping datasets. Archive option is substantially cheaper than PRM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now also provide an archive option, for sleeping datasets. The archive option is substantially cheaper than storing data on PRM.
```

According to the [UMCG research code](https://researchcode.umcgresearch.org/en/), you are obliged to have a [Data Management Plan (DMP)](https://umcg.zenya.work/portal/#/document/99b46c52-2c81-4193-b688-ad5a01d1a496?scope=global&searchText=data%20management%20plan) for your project(s).
In this DMP, a lot of information must be gathered concerning your project, including retention time, and where you are supposed to store your data.
See [https://umcg.topdesk.net/](https://umcg.topdesk.net/) the Scientific Research Support page of the UMCG, for all you scientific research support questions.

For each project/folder write a README.
	- Mention your name and contact information
	- Responsible PIs and contact information
	- Retention time
	- Project number [PaNaMa](https://panama-rms.eu/)(for UMCG employees only)
	- Used in article(s)/project(s)
	- Data source (human, mouse,....) 
	- Tissue type (blood, fibroblasts, heart biopt,...) 
	- Data type (array, NGS, longread,....)
	- Small overview of the folder structure, rawdata is in this folder, final data is in this folder

>  1. Generate _"raw data"_ in a lab and upload that to a folder in ```/groups/${group}/prm*/rawdata/...``` on HA storage.

Reviewer: Here it states HA and HP storage but before it only states prm and tmp. This might be confusing for new users. Please clarify or only use tmp and prm storage names and not HP and HA.

| ```/groups/${group}/{{ mount.lfs }}``` | High Performance shared storage system for cached (reference) data. | Several TBs; varies per group | quota + ~10% | No | No | Yes | No | read-only |
{% endfor %}

## When you leave

All good things come to an end, please follow these steps when you are finished with your project.

#### The steps to follow:
- Get your DMP(s).
- Go to your tmp folder on the cluster. Check all clusters, if you used more than 1.
- Gather all important data, data you need to store for publication/storage/FAIRdata purposes and organise it logicaly. Be critical, only keep the important data.
- Write or adapt the README for each dataset/project. 
	- Mention your name and contact information
	- Responsible PIs and contact information
	- Retention time
	- Project number [PaNaMa](https://panama-rms.eu/)(for UMCG employees only)
	- Used in article(s)/project(s)
	- Data source (human, mouse,....) 
	- Tissue type (blood, fibroblasts, heart biopt,...) 
	- Data type (array, NGS, longread,....)

> 	- Small overview of the folder structure, rawdata is in this folder, final data is in this folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Small overview of the folder structure,e.g.:  rawdata is in folder X, final data is in folder Y.
```
